{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
This is a project demonstrates various simple animation techniques for iOS.  \
\
The project shows three screens in a tab bar controller:\
\
\pard\tx700\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-20\pardirnatural
\cf0 The first screen (Demo) is a general demonstration of a number of simple animation techniques, along with commented code that explains each technique.\
\
The second screen (Start) is a set of very simple animations that users can control via use of buttons.  One interesting feature illustrated by this tab:  you can have multiple animations running at the same time, even if the start and stop times for those animations are not the same.  Thus, you can start a second animation while the first animation is still running, and both animations will run at the same time and each will finish according to the duration you set for that animation.  You can have a number of different animations running at once, each with a different start and stop time.\
\
The third screen (Problems) illustrates some problems that I or my students have encountered while doing animations, and the comments in the code explain why some animations work while others don't.  In each case, there is a demonstration of a working animation, along with one or more variants of the same animation that don't work.  \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 The Demo and Star screens were originally written for a class that I was teaching at UCSC's Silicon Valley Extension.  The Problems screen was written for a demo that I did at iOS Dev Camp in 2012.  \
\
The animations here are teaching tools.  They are examples that have been made as simple as possible in order to demonstrate basic animation techniques.  \
\
\'a92012, 2014 Michael Patrick Ellard\
\
This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License. To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ or send a letter to Creative Commons, 444 Castro Street, Suite 900, Mountain View, California, 94041, USA.\
\
\
-----\
\
Version 1.0 (July 21, 2012)\
\
Version 1.1 Updates (July 25, 2012).\
\
-	Improved the commenting in the ProblemAnimations.m file\
-	Made the "blink star" code a little simpler and easier to understand\
-	Altered the colors on the color rotate example to make the behavior easier to see and understand\
-	Changed the ProblemAnimations.xib file so that the working animations are first in the series, followed by the problem animations.  In the previous version, the successful animations were last.  \
\
Version 1.2 Updates (July 28, 2012)\
\
-	Added notes to each screen xib identifying where the code underlying the screen can be found\
-	On the Star screen, changed the background color of the star from white to ClearColor so that the twinkle effect would work better\
-	Added a Fade animation to the Star screen\
-	Changed the deployment target to iOS 4.0\
-	Changed one weak property to strong in order to be iOS 4 compatible\
-	Changed the code in the rotateColors: method to make it more concise and flexible.  \
-	Wrote some additional comments for the Star Animations screen.\
-	Added descriptive labels to the Star screen and the Problems screen to help viewers understand the animations on each screen\
\
Version 2.0 Updates (December 11, 2014)\
\
-	Modernization of Objective-C code\
-	Removed speedSetting static variable from project files.  This variable was never really used, and taking it out makes the code a little simpler.\
-	Removed the "Flip Too Little" example from the Problem Animations screen.  This animation demonstrated a problem that occurred in earlier versions of Xcode if some similarly named UIKit enumerations were used incorrectly.  Modern versions of Xcode flag this problem with a warning.  \
}